1) I like that I can use it on my phone or desktop, but I’m learning that I need to write everything down to help me learn. I’m working on my Spanish and feel that I need a little more help than what Babble provides. That’s just me though.

2) While I hade a clumsy start with the program I am getting more as I repeat sessions. Much is one me to really learn the lanquage.

3) This was a gift, I was emailed a code and forwarded it to the recipient. I'll try to update in a few months if this is successful.

4) I have always wanted to learn a new language but just don’t have time to sit in a physical class. I’ve seen a lot of ads on social media about Babbel and decided to give it a try. So far I love it!! You can set a reminder to do a class which is great. The lessons are short but have a lot of practice prompts. It is also a really good price. You can choose how long you want to have access to lessons which is a great motivator to get things done.

5) Really hard to get into the app from purchase returned it and bought from babble that was not so sucessful poor app went to duolingo is better but not all that either they are very intrusive!

6) I used this program to help me learn Spanish for working with my Spanish speaking students, future travel, and personal enrichment. I really liked the different features whether it was matching words, fill in the blank, speaking, and listening and writing. It really helps since I'm a visual learner because usually I can see a sentence and understand it. But, if I hear it, I cannot as well. Babble pushes me to listen and translate.

7)  I think it is a fun and easy way to learn a new language. They used a quick little quiz/memory game to test what you learn in your session. I think it’s suitable for all of us living busy lifestyles and feel we don’t have enough time to do certain things. I love that it offers several languages for you to choose from and you can change which one you’re learning at any time.

8) I thought I entered code made account. It keep asking me to buy a subscription. Cant get past 1st lesson. 8 word. Can't find a place to ask a question.

9) I like that I can use it on my phone or desktop, but I’m learning that I need to write everything down to help me learn. I’m working on my Spanish and feel that I need a little more help than what Babble provides. That’s just me though.

10) While I hade a clumsy start with the program I am getting more as I repeat sessions. Much is one me to really learn the lanquage.

11) This was a gift, I was emailed a code and forwarded it to the recipient. I'll try to update in a few months if this is successful.

12) I have always wanted to learn a new language but just don’t have time to sit in a physical class. I’ve seen a lot of ads on social media about Babbel and decided to give it a try. So far I love it!! You can set a reminder to do a class which is great. The lessons are short but have a lot of practice prompts. It is also a really good price. You can choose how long you want to have access to lessons which is a great motivator to get things done.

13) Really hard to get into the app from purchase returned it and bought from babble that was not so sucessful poor app went to duolingo is better but not all that either they are very intrusive!

14) I used this program to help me learn Spanish for working with my Spanish speaking students, future travel, and personal enrichment. I really liked the different features whether it was matching words, fill in the blank, speaking, and listening and writing. It really helps since I'm a visual learner because usually I can see a sentence and understand it. But, if I hear it, I cannot as well. Babble pushes me to listen and translate.

15)  I think it is a fun and easy way to learn a new language. They used a quick little quiz/memory game to test what you learn in your session. I think it’s suitable for all of us living busy lifestyles and feel we don’t have enough time to do certain things. I love that it offers several languages for you to choose from and you can change which one you’re learning at any time.

16) I thought I entered code made account. It keep asking me to buy a subscription. Cant get past 1st lesson. 8 word. Can't find a place to ask a question.

17) I like that I can use it on my phone or desktop, but I’m learning that I need to write everything down to help me learn. I’m working on my Spanish and feel that I need a little more help than what Babble provides. That’s just me though.

18) While I hade a clumsy start with the program I am getting more as I repeat sessions. Much is one me to really learn the lanquage.

19) This was a gift, I was emailed a code and forwarded it to the recipient. I'll try to update in a few months if this is successful.

20) I have always wanted to learn a new language but just don’t have time to sit in a physical class. I’ve seen a lot of ads on social media about Babbel and decided to give it a try. So far I love it!! You can set a reminder to do a class which is great. The lessons are short but have a lot of practice prompts. It is also a really good price. You can choose how long you want to have access to lessons which is a great motivator to get things done.

21) Really hard to get into the app from purchase returned it and bought from babble that was not so sucessful poor app went to duolingo is better but not all that either they are very intrusive!

22) I used this program to help me learn Spanish for working with my Spanish speaking students, future travel, and personal enrichment. I really liked the different features whether it was matching words, fill in the blank, speaking, and listening and writing. It really helps since I'm a visual learner because usually I can see a sentence and understand it. But, if I hear it, I cannot as well. Babble pushes me to listen and translate.

23)  I think it is a fun and easy way to learn a new language. They used a quick little quiz/memory game to test what you learn in your session. I think it’s suitable for all of us living busy lifestyles and feel we don’t have enough time to do certain things. I love that it offers several languages for you to choose from and you can change which one you’re learning at any time.

24) I thought I entered code made account. It keep asking me to buy a subscription. Cant get past 1st lesson. 8 word. Can't find a place to ask a question.

25) I like that I can use it on my phone or desktop, but I’m learning that I need to write everything down to help me learn. I’m working on my Spanish and feel that I need a little more help than what Babble provides. That’s just me though.

26) While I hade a clumsy start with the program I am getting more as I repeat sessions. Much is one me to really learn the lanquage.

27) This was a gift, I was emailed a code and forwarded it to the recipient. I'll try to update in a few months if this is successful.

28) I have always wanted to learn a new language but just don’t have time to sit in a physical class. I’ve seen a lot of ads on social media about Babbel and decided to give it a try. So far I love it!! You can set a reminder to do a class which is great. The lessons are short but have a lot of practice prompts. It is also a really good price. You can choose how long you want to have access to lessons which is a great motivator to get things done.

29) Really hard to get into the app from purchase returned it and bought from babble that was not so sucessful poor app went to duolingo is better but not all that either they are very intrusive!

30) I used this program to help me learn Spanish for working with my Spanish speaking students, future travel, and personal enrichment. I really liked the different features whether it was matching words, fill in the blank, speaking, and listening and writing. It really helps since I'm a visual learner because usually I can see a sentence and understand it. But, if I hear it, I cannot as well. Babble pushes me to listen and translate.

31)  I think it is a fun and easy way to learn a new language. They used a quick little quiz/memory game to test what you learn in your session. I think it’s suitable for all of us living busy lifestyles and feel we don’t have enough time to do certain things. I love that it offers several languages for you to choose from and you can change which one you’re learning at any time.

32) I thought I entered code made account. It keep asking me to buy a subscription. Cant get past 1st lesson. 8 word. Can't find a place to ask a question.

33) I like that I can use it on my phone or desktop, but I’m learning that I need to write everything down to help me learn. I’m working on my Spanish and feel that I need a little more help than what Babble provides. That’s just me though.

34) While I hade a clumsy start with the program I am getting more as I repeat sessions. Much is one me to really learn the lanquage.

35) This was a gift, I was emailed a code and forwarded it to the recipient. I'll try to update in a few months if this is successful.

36) I have always wanted to learn a new language but just don’t have time to sit in a physical class. I’ve seen a lot of ads on social media about Babbel and decided to give it a try. So far I love it!! You can set a reminder to do a class which is great. The lessons are short but have a lot of practice prompts. It is also a really good price. You can choose how long you want to have access to lessons which is a great motivator to get things done.

37) Really hard to get into the app from purchase returned it and bought from babble that was not so sucessful poor app went to duolingo is better but not all that either they are very intrusive!

38) I used this program to help me learn Spanish for working with my Spanish speaking students, future travel, and personal enrichment. I really liked the different features whether it was matching words, fill in the blank, speaking, and listening and writing. It really helps since I'm a visual learner because usually I can see a sentence and understand it. But, if I hear it, I cannot as well. Babble pushes me to listen and translate.

39)  I think it is a fun and easy way to learn a new language. They used a quick little quiz/memory game to test what you learn in your session. I think it’s suitable for all of us living busy lifestyles and feel we don’t have enough time to do certain things. I love that it offers several languages for you to choose from and you can change which one you’re learning at any time.

40) I thought I entered code made account. It keep asking me to buy a subscription. Cant get past 1st lesson. 8 word. Can't find a place to ask a question.

